3044 - update documentation about the ESECC process (#58)
department-of-veterans-affairs/ves-event-bus-developer-portal: docs/administrative-requirements.md

A request to the Enterprise Security External Change Council (ESECC) may be needed to authorize an opening in the firewall to enable a connection between the client system and the Enterprise Event Bus.

> Prior to determining if your system will require an ESECC, we will attempt connecting to the Enterprise Event Bus from your system. If an error message indicates that traffic is blocked at the network level, then an ESECC is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to determining if your system will require an ESECC, we will collaborate on testing a connection from your system to the Enterprise Event Bus. If an error message indicates that traffic is blocked at the network level, then an ESECC will be required.
```

> If an ESECC is required, the Enterprise Event Bus team will take point on getting the request submitted. We will need the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an ESECC is required, the Enterprise Event Bus team will submit the ESECC request on your team's behalf. We will need the following information:
```

> * The IP address of your system. This can be a list of specific IP addresses or CIDR blocks.

Author: I think we prefer a CIDR block if the list is large and can be described as one. But if the service is deployed to 3 IP addresses consistently for example, I think using those would be fine, though I imagine this is not often the case

> * The IP address of your system. This can be a list of specific IP addresses or CIDR blocks.

Reviewer 2: This would be useful information to add to the doc, so that partner teams have a sense of which approach would be best for their situation.

> * The IP address of your system. This can be a list of specific IP addresses or CIDR blocks.

Author: Is this text better?

> * The IP address of your system. This can be a list of specific IP addresses or CIDR blocks.

Reviewer 2: Yes, good to go!
